# cvi42py - XML to Pickle Converter for cvi42 Contour Data

cvi42py is a Python tool that allows you to convert XML files generated by cvi42 software into pickle files, extracting contour data for further analysis or processing. This README provides detailed information on how to use cvi42py and explains its functionality.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [File Structure](#file-structure)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

cvi42py can be easily set up using Docker. Ensure you have Docker installed on your system before proceeding.

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MPR-UKD/cvi42py.git
   ```

2. Change to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd cvi42py
   ```

3. Build the Docker image:
   ```bash
   docker build -t cvi42py .
   ```

## Usage

To convert a cvi42 XML file to a pickle file, follow these steps:

1. Place your cvi42 XML file in the same directory as the Dockerfile or specify the file path accordingly.

2. Run the Docker container, providing the necessary volume mapping for input and output files. Replace `<xml_file>` and `<output_file>` with your file names:

   ```bash
   docker run -v /path/to/your/xml_file.xml:/usr/src/app/xml_file.xml -v /path/to/your/output_file.pkl:/usr/src/app/output_file.pkl cvi42py
   ```

   Replace `/path/to/your/xml_file.xml` with the path to your input XML file and `/path/to/your/output_file.pkl` with the desired path for the output pickle file.

3. After running the container, the cvi42py tool will process the XML file and save the extracted contour data in the specified pickle file.

## File Structure

The cvi42py repository has the following file structure:

```
cvi42py/
│
├── Dockerfile
├── README.md
└── src/
    ├── cvi42py.py
    └── requirements.txt
```

- `Dockerfile`: Defines the Docker image for cvi42py, specifying its dependencies and how to run the tool.
- `README.md`: This file, providing instructions and information about cvi42py.
- `src/`: Contains the Python source code and requirements.
  - `cvi42py.py`: The main Python script that performs the XML to pickle conversion.
  - `requirements.txt`: Specifies Python package dependencies.

## Contributing

Contributions to cvi42py are welcome! If you have any improvements, bug fixes, or new features to add, please open an issue or submit a pull request on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/MPR-UKD/cvi42py).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.